Allow sudoers to impersonate users, groups, and SAs (#81)
appuio/component-openshift4-authentication: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

See https://kb.vshn.ch/oc4/how-tos/authentication/sudo.html[how-to] and https://kb.vshn.ch/oc4/explanations/sudo.html[explanation] for further details.

== Impersonating Users

`impersonate` permissions are granted to the groups defined in `openshift4_authentication.sudoGroups`.

This allows users in the sudoers group to impersonate other users in the cluster.

> You may check the permissions of a user or service account by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is especially useful for debugging RBAC issues affecting other users.
You can check the permissions of a user or service account by running:
```

[source,console]
----
kubectl --as=system:serviceaccount:NS:SERVICEACCOUNT auth can-i get deployments/test
kubectl --as=USER auth can-i get deployments/test
----

> Impersonation is logged in the Kube API server audit logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Impersonation is logged in the Kubernetes API server audit logs.
```
